Cuckoo Sendbox Authentication (#16010)
demisto/content: Packs/CuckooSandbox/Integrations/integration-CuckooSandbox_README.md

<strong>Name</strong>: a textual name for the integration instance.</li>
<li><strong>Server URL (e.g. <a href="https://192.168.0.1/" rel="nofollow">https://192.168.0.1</a>)</strong></li>
<li><strong>Username (Only if your Cuckoo service requires HTTP auth)</strong></li>
<li>In order to authenticate with an API token, insert '__token' in the "Username" textbox, and the token itself in the "Password" textbox.</li>
<li><strong>Trust any certificate (not secure)</strong></li>
<li><strong>Use system proxy settings</strong></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Click <strong>Test</strong> to validate the URLs, token, and connection.</li>
</ol>
<h2>Configuration params</h2>

> <p>NOTE: In order to authenticate with an API token, insert '__token' in the "Username" textbox, and the token itself in the "Password" textbox.</p>

Reviewer: we agreed to put it in `CuckooSandbox_description.md`, right? if no such, we can add the "detaileddescription" field in the yml itself.
In addition, let's add there a short explanation for how to obtain the API key, if possible.

Author: I can't find that file, and I'll try to find information about the API key obtaining process

<strong>Name</strong>: a textual name for the integration instance.</li>
<li><strong>Server URL (e.g. <a href="https://192.168.0.1/" rel="nofollow">https://192.168.0.1</a>)</strong></li>
<li><strong>Username (Only if your Cuckoo service requires HTTP auth)</strong></li>

> <li1>In order to authenticate with a Cluster Authentication Token, insert '__token' in the "Username" textbox, and the token itself in the "Password" textbox.</li1>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>In order to authenticate with an API token, insert '__token' in the "Username" textbox, and the token itself in the "Password" textbox.</li>
```

Reviewer: let's add this line as an additionalinfo of the Username field in the yml (line 14)

Author: I've added the line in the description field in the yml
